feat: First Draft of the Dashboard App documentation (#98)
c6o/docs: content/concepts/profiles.md

## Development Profile

### Concepts

A development profile is a collection of CodeZero commands that coordinate together to create a specific development scenario.
For instance, a developer may want to teleport their machine into a cluster and intercept a particular service.

> A development profile remembers the parameters required so that the developer doesn't have to remember the parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A development profile records the specifications for running one ore more commands so that the developer doesn't have to remember all of the required parameters
```
